hey everyone is Callie sweetheart and
here's another racing valuable video and
here it's part two of opening the WWE
crate so on the first time when I did
the video we got two cars this is one of
them it would just gave us we didn't
have to get blueprints would suggest an
awesome car a bonus car is totally
totally awesome i'm in love with these
cars right now and we got let me go to
it guys sorry um we got ourselves an
exclusive car that Chevrolet see 60
point our GT to dun dun dun the Daniel
Bryan car totally awesome say yes
because I am totally saying yes right
now so this was totally awesome I got in
21 crazy so let's open another ten more
crates and let's see what we get we're
almost close to another one let me go
show you guys my shipyard inventory we
got four of these Mustangs we just need
three more and then when we need another
two more of this Ford GT our exclusive
car too and this is the who is this hulk
hogan patent for the python power oh yes
whole coke and car that's our next car
we r and try to get so let's do this you
guys get this hype up because i am
scared okay although have you got the
next one now this how i really want to
get and I didn't if I don't guys I'd be
heartbroken but come on we're cali
sweethearts oh man are we gonna get
ourselves another c6 chevre lot I don't
know oh dang i think we are you guys oh
no we have to John Cena more rims oh
snap oh snap two more two more guys ford
mustang all getting these are pretty
sick I like these rims they kind of look
like a tiger print or something oh dang
ford mustang let's see let's see let's
see four of these saying i think it
wants us to get another David Bryan say
yes car let's see let's see orange a
black huh I don't know if those are all
that great red light blue and dark blue
finish okay they're coming out with some
weird rims another light blue and gray
finish
that's all we got guys that looks pretty
gay you know what I said it was gonna be
ten crates but heck no we're gonna do
another ten more just for the heck of it
I hope I have enough to we're not to
sell some things I'm never gonna get
this cuz I don't like opening cold
crepes they're nice cars but like i said
i don't like opening gold frames they're
too expensive way too much money to put
in just to try to open gold crates let's
see let's see let's see oh then we're
still overflowed can you put rims or we
can put rims hmm so let's see let's see
sorry Pandora Pandora's gotta go guys I
have a 23 of them that's too many for me
and let's see let's see let's see um
that's all I want to do hopefully we
have enough room and I just went to my
home button again sorry about that oh
dang can't get enough of this car say
say yes oh yes um dang it okay go back
to the shore know when I showroom go
back to the shipyard open another ten
more crates and all I said it was just
ten but we're gonna go for 20 I want the
car Oh ding I think we're gonna get this
car another cold finish in other rooms
oh no I think it wants us to get that
car I'll snap you guys we did it we got
herself another 2009 for GTR uh uh oh oh
we got eight now hmm telling us that
this wants us oh dang grinning at this
other chevrolet c6 again watch whoa it's
pretty cool I like this one oh dang lets
see we're gonna get man he really wants
us to get another one oh snap we got
myself another chevre lot c6 oh dang oh
dang
ford mustang oh dang that is so cool you
guys time to go claim our items I know
it's going to say inventory full we're
going to our inventory people don't
worry don't worry oh man but hoes won't
let me claim it that is way too much
money I am NOT doing it so this all that
I'm have to get rid of some blueprints
555 hmm screw it this nice Nissan's in
to give me more money gonna give you
more money to put on the giveaway car
I'm about to give away all its might
gonna go to that car I'll snow for GTR a
Hulk Hogan the Python power power time
we're gonna claim our beautiful car oh
yes we're gonna wait cuz i got myself
another c6 2012 now our next one is i'm
gonna try to get all over you guys and
I'll make like an ethic video of it
showing every single car that would be
totally awesome well let's try to push
it like I said guys just hit me a
message about something rinse because I
have a lot of rooms that I need to get
rid of is taking up a lot of my slots I
don't like that it's practically all
rims so you guys can please just leave a
message and this is a time where you
want to leave your what is it your name
tag that you have a racing rivals and
you gotta be subscriber to to also get
into the giveaway of that beautiful
gts-r car remember you guys if you guys
don't want it you can always sell it for
250,000 and a that's a lot of money I
got myself right now 1 million coins and
I still got put more upgrades to that
car I might leveled up syllable to you
never know but it's gonna for sure have
level 1 so like I said just to enter in
the giveaway you guys you guys got to be
a subscriber and leave your gamertag and
then i'll do a lucky draw and see what
happens bye guys hope you enjoyed